chore(hubble-chart): add step to release retina Hubble chart (#1223)
microsoft/retina: docs/02-Installation/01-Setup.md

- Helm version >= v3.8.0.

### Control Plane and Modes

> The installation of Retina can be configured using different control planes and modes. You can choose between the "legacy" control plane, which is the original implementation of Retina, and Hubble. The available metric dimensions depend on the selected mode. For an explanation of the available modes, see [Legacy Metric Modes](../03-Metrics/modes/modes.md). Modes are available only for the "legacy" control plane. For metrics related to the Hubble control plane, refer to the [Hubble metrics](../03-Metrics/02-hubble_metrics.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation of Retina can be configured using different control planes and modes.

You can choose between the "legacy" control plane (which is the original implementation of Retina) and Hubble.

If the "legacy" control plane is chosen, different Modes are available. The available metric dimensions depend on the selected mode. For an explanation of the available modes, see [Legacy Metric Modes](../03-Metrics/modes/modes.md).

Modes are not applicable on Hubble deployments. For metrics related to the Hubble control plane, refer to the [Hubble metrics](../03-Metrics/02-hubble_metrics.md) documentation.
```

Reviewer: Just to make the paragraph just a little bit more clear.
